wee
nice to meet you
The farmer Yoon Si- hyun who overcame the cancer with dandelion.
No matter how I think that example, I found others standing in a pair of late that day 30
And
There is a metastasis to the lymph nodes, and the thyroid is totally resected.
I have been treated in the Radiological Clinic.
Oh yeah, you are right at the rank of each pair of malignant.
Yes,
Nami 2, which is this transition, bounces again according to the type of organization and the exception is wrong.
So that is largely constant over the size of the cancer grows or like that, or transition
When you have an advantage, you really have to be actively treated.
Oh, by building yet, why is it being the person you like does get better control the arm real
I felt where my body was going to like it.
If I was as bad as my body ,
I was not in good health.
And my walking foot is so heavy that my feet are heavy
It looks like Riley weighs heavily 4
But eating dandelion made my feet lighter,
Off when you try to farm from dawn until late at night I never strive tap 20%
By analyzing the line by line,
Oh, yeah. I 'm going to endure it . Look at radiation therapy for thyroid cancer. Yeah.
In general, radiation therapy means that in modern medicine, cancer cells
How to kill it, but it's not easy.
Yes, normal tissue is damaged. Once you get chemo, you're exhausted.
Yes, I do not know.
And it jyeotneunde Toka tteuni when the transition happened something like this been like inflammation Why
Actually inspire me to investigate the radiation on animals 2
When I saw the dandelion drilling, I was able to reduce this aftereffect again.
That's Aaa many times I eat I overheard 1l Releases its essence that the transfer
The body has a little more to be a little sick Analects I always tired
I'm interested in interesting things. I wonder if it's a dandelion effect .
No, gotta be vain consulting wonsik
You guys are now largely divided into two classes I or yellow flowers, yellow sheep standing Province
It's a white dandelion with dandelions and white flowers.
Come spiritual grumbling yellow dandelion white dandelions are compared with vitamins and minerals
And these minerals are somewhat higher.
So, for example, giwangyimyeon during those two varieties for example,
How do I get this to work because I want to eat something native to my country?
Oh really white'm 10 this year before falling again several structures 5
Further modifications when viewed in good Dandelion very difficult
I am very sensitive to this, so the rate of growth is higher than that of Western-style dandelions .
Four times slower
And Western yellow dandelions bloom year round, but native white dandelions are one year old
It 's morning to bloom just once.